we just got a 100,000 screwdriver shafts
but there's one small problem what do
you mean we can't use them all right
there now you have
99,999 problems fortunately we have this
tormach Mill that allows us to take a
piece of metal and shape it into
anything we want the problem with these
shafts this knurling is too soft for a
screwdriver it'd be great for something
like a pen that's when we got to work
Tada but we're not done here it's not
fidgety enough instead of a basic click
we went with a much more satisfying bolt
action then we smooth out these sections
so it's comfortable to hold now we have
up to 100,000 scribe driver pens to sell
you but thankfully they're on sale this
Black Friday at lm. g/ pen